project_candidates: {
  "projects": [
    {
      "title": "Innovative User Experience Application Development",
      "description": "This project focused on the technological challenges of creating an application aimed at enhancing user experience, involving several iterative processes and experiments to develop and integrate innovative solutions."
    }
  ]
}

technological_uncertainties: The main technological objective of this project was to develop an innovative application that would significantly enhance user experience. During the course of the project, the following technological uncertainties were encountered:

1. The first uncertainty was the feasibility of integrating the novel solutions proposed by our team into the existing application infrastructure. The complexity of the application's design and the uniqueness of the proposed solutions made it unclear whether these could be successfully implemented without causing disruptions to the application's functionality.

2. Another technological uncertainty was the capability of our application to handle increased user load while maintaining optimal performance. It was unclear whether the changes made to enhance user experience would impact the application's capacity to handle an increased number of user interactions simultaneously.

3. Additionally, we faced the uncertainty of creating an intuitive user interface that would maintain the simplicity of the application while incorporating the new features. There was a risk that the introduction of new elements could complicate the interface, leading to degraded user experience.

4. Lastly, there was an uncertainty regarding the application's compatibility with various platforms. While our goal was to make the application universally accessible, it was uncertain whether the application would function seamlessly across different operating systems or devices.

The conventional means to resolve these issues would be to utilize established design patterns and software libraries. However, due to the novel nature of our solutions, these conventional means were inadequate. It remained unknown what means we could employ to successfully resolve the above issues. Therefore, we had to explore new methodologies and conduct extensive testing to overcome these technological uncertainties.

work_done: 1. In response to the first uncertainty, our team formulated the hypothesis that through the use of microservices architecture, we could successfully integrate our novel solutions into the existing application infrastructure without causing disruptions. To test this hypothesis, a prototype of the application was developed, using microservices to handle each function. The prototype tests revealed that while the microservices architecture did allow for successful integration, it also introduced additional complexity in managing the individual services. Despite this new challenge, the prototype proved that our hypothesis was correct. This issue was resolved, and we will continue to refine the management of the microservices in the future.

2. To address the second uncertainty, we hypothesised that by implementing a load balancing solution, we could enhance the application's capability to handle increased user load. A prototype was created that utilised the Elastic Load Balancing service. Our tests revealed that the prototype was capable of handling increased user load without significant performance degradation. Therefore, this uncertainty was successfully resolved.

3. For the third uncertainty, the hypothesis was that implementing a minimalist design approach would help maintain the simplicity of the application while incorporating new features. A prototype was designed using this approach and subjected to user testing. The feedback received from the tests was mixed. While some users appreciated the simplicity, others found the interface lacking in functionality. Therefore, this issue was partially resolved and will require further investigation in the next fiscal year.

4. Lastly, to overcome the fourth uncertainty, we hypothesised that using a cross-platform development framework would ensure the application's compatibility across various platforms. A prototype was developed using the React Native framework and tested across multiple operating systems and devices. The tests revealed that while the application functioned well on most platforms, there were performance issues on older operating systems. Therefore, this issue was partially resolved and will continue to be addressed in the future.

In conclusion, the project was not fully completed due to the unresolved issues regarding the user interface and platform compatibility. These issues will be the focus of our continued efforts in the next fiscal year.

technological_advancements: The technological advancements achieved through the SR&ED project undertaken by our company are as follows:

1. Successful Integration of Microservices: We aimed to integrate our novel solutions into the existing application infrastructure without causing disruptions by using microservices architecture. We were successful in achieving this goal as our prototype tests confirmed that the microservices architecture allowed for successful integration. However, we also learned about the additional complexity involved in managing the individual services. This practical knowledge will guide our future efforts in refining the management of microservices.

2. Enhanced Load Balancing Capabilities: Our goal was to improve the application's capability to handle increased user load by implementing a load balancing solution. We successfully achieved this advancement, as the tests conducted on the prototype using the Elastic Load Balancing service confirmed that it could handle increased user load without significant performance degradation.

3. Partial Achievement in Minimalist Design Approach: In an attempt to maintain the simplicity of the application while incorporating new features, we implemented a minimalist design approach. The feedback from user testing was mixed, signifying partial achievement of this goal. While some users appreciated the simplicity, others found the interface lacking in functionality. This feedback will be invaluable in our future design decisions.

4. Cross-Platform Compatibility: We sought to ensure the application's compatibility across various platforms by using a cross-platform development framework. Our tests confirmed that the application functioned well on most platforms, signifying a notable technological advancement. However, we observed performance issues on older operating systems, which will be a focus for improvement in future developments.

These advancements mark significant progress in our technological capabilities. Although not all objectives were fully met, the knowledge and experience gained will be instrumental in guiding our future R&D efforts. By addressing the unresolved issues related to the user interface and platform compatibility, we expect to make further advancements in the next fiscal year.

